Add recipe for CDC with Debezium. (#39)
ververica/flink-sql-cookbook: aggregations-and-analytics/09/09_cdc_materialized_view.md

# 09 Maintaining Materialized Views with Change Data Capture (CDC) and Debezium

:bulb: This example will show how you can use Flink SQL and Debezium to maintain a materialized view based on database changelog streams.

> In the world of analytics, databases are still mostly seen as static sources of data — like a collection of business state just sitting there, waiting to be queried. The reality is that most of the data stored in these databases is continuously produced and continuously changing, so...why not _stream_ it? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the world of analytics, databases are still mostly seen as static sources of data — like a collection of business states just sitting there, [waiting for queries](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waiting_for_Godot). In reality, while the tables may only show a snapshot of the state of the world at a particular point in time, rows are being continuously created and modified, so ... so not _stream_ it?
```

> Change Data Capture (CDC) allows you to do just that: track and propagate changes in a database based on its changelog (e.g. the WAL in Postgres) to downstream consumers. [Debezium](https://debezium.io/) is a popular tool for CDC, and is supported in Flink through **1)** the [Kafka SQL Connector](https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-stable/dev/table/connectors/formats/debezium.html) or **2)** a set of "standalone" [Flink CDC Connectors](https://github.com/ververica/flink-cdc-connectors#flink-cdc-connectors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change Data Capture (CDC) allows you to do just that: track and propagate changes in a database based on its changelog (e.g., the [write-ahead log](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/wal-intro.html) in Postgres) to downstream consumers. [Debezium](https://debezium.io/) is a popular tool for CDC that Flink supports through **1)** the [Kafka SQL Connector](https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-stable/dev/table/connectors/formats/debezium.html) or **2)** a set of "standalone" [Flink CDC Connectors](https://github.com/ververica/flink-cdc-connectors#flink-cdc-connectors)
```

Author: C'mon, Seth, let Debezium shine on its own.

    member_id INT,
    accident_date VARCHAR(20),
    accident_type VARCHAR(20),
    accident_detail VARCHAR(20),
    claim_date VARCHAR(20),
    claim_status VARCHAR(10),
    ts_created VARCHAR(20),
    ts_updated VARCHAR(20)
) WITH (
  'connector' = 'postgres-cdc',
  'hostname' = 'postgres',
  'port' = '5432',
  'username' = 'postgres',
  'password' = 'postgres',
  'database-name' = 'postgres',
  'schema-name' = 'claims',
  'table-name' = 'accident_claims'
 );
```

After creating the changelog table, you can query it to find out the aggregated insurance costs of all cleared claims per animal type (`accident_detail`):

```sql
SELECT accident_detail,
       SUM(claim_total) AS agg_claim_costs
FROM accident_claims
WHERE claim_status <> 'DENIED'
GROUP BY accident_detail;
```

How can you check that the CDC functionality is _actually_ working? The `docker` directory also includes a data generator script (`postgres_datagen.sql`) with a series of `INSERT` operations with new insurance claims; if you run it, you can see how the query results update in (near) real-time:

`cat ./postgres_datagen.sql | docker exec -i flink-cdc-postgres psql -U postgres -d postgres`

> 

Reviewer: I feel like this is missing one wrap-up sentence. I need to think about it. There should be a conclusion and call to action.

Author: Agreed. Will add it in!
